shibata reflected #85 into the English version. (#86)
fujitake/vantiq-related: vantiq-cloud-infra-operations/terraform_aws/readme_en.md

  -var 'secret_key=<YOUR-AWS-SECRET_KEY>'
```

### Post Building Tasks
- Change the password of the keycloak DB (PostgreSQL) instance.
- Transfer the registered SSH key to the Bastion host using SCP, etc., place it in an appropriate directory, and set the permissions.

The sample script "basion-setup-sample.sh" is used to install the tools that are necessary to install Vantiq on a Bastion host.
To run the script, transfer it to the Bastion server and execute the followings.

```sh
$ chmod +x ./basion-setup-sample.sh
$ sudo ./basion-setup-sample.sh
```

> ### Transfer to Vantiq Platform Installation tasks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Handover to Vantiq Platform Installation tasks
```

> Perform the following setup and transfer the information to subsequent tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Perform the following setup and hand over the information to subsequent tasks.
```

- Name of the EKS Cluster   
- [Setting up the Access rights to EKS](../docs/eng/aws_op_priviliges.md#setting-up-the-access-rights-to-eks)  

> (Only when the Vantiq Platform Installation is performed by other than the IAM user who ran terraform.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Required when the Vantiq Platform Installation tasks are to be performed by an IAM user other than the one who has executed terraform.)
```

- Endpoint of the S3 Storage
- Endpoint and credential of the keycloak DB

> - IP address of the Bastion host IP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- IP address of the Bastion host
```
